[#1411] Refactor AccountBalance to use Balance for transparent funds (#1570)
zcash/librustzcash: zcash_client_backend/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> 

Reviewer: (Will move this below "Changed" in a force-push.)

```suggestion

### Deprecated
- `AccountBalance::unshielded`. Instead use `unshielded_balance` which provides a `Balance`
  value. Its `total()` method can be used to obtain the total of transparent funds.

```

### Changed
- `zcash_client_backend::data_api::AccountBalance`:
  - Refactored to use `Balance` for transparent funds (issue #1411).
    `AccountBalance` now has an `unshielded_balance()` that uses `Balance` and replaces the

>     (now deleted) `unshielded` non-negative amount.

Reviewer: `unshielded` wasn't public as a field (only as a method). So this would be better expressed as "and replaces the tracking of only total unshielded balance.".

- MSRV is now 1.77.0.
- Migrated to `arti-client 0.23`.
- `zcash_client_backend::data_api`:
  - `AccountBalance` was refactored to use `Balance` for transparent funds (issue #1411).
  `AccountBalance` now has an `unshielded_balance()` that uses `Balance` and replaces the

>   (now deleted) `unshielded` non-negative amount.

Reviewer: Indent by an extra 2 spaces.

### Removed
- `zcash_client_backend::data_api`:

>   - `AccountBalance::unshielded`. `AccountBalance` no longer provide the `unshielded` value returning a `NonNegativeAmount` for all transparent funds. Use`unshieded_balance` instead which provides `Balance` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `AccountBalance::unshielded`. `AccountBalance` no longer provides the `unshielded`
     method returning a `NonNegativeAmount` for the total of transparent funds.
     Instead use `unshielded_balance` which provides a `Balance` value.
```

  - `AccountBalance::add_unshielded_value` was removed with the `unshielded` value as
  described above. Use the appropriate `add_*_value` method(s) of `Balance` on its argument

>   instead.

Reviewer: These two lines should be indented another two spaces. (Markdown is picky about indentation.)

### Removed
- `zcash_client_backend::data_api`:
  - `AccountBalance::unshielded`. `AccountBalance` no longer provides the `unshielded`

>     method returning a `NonNegativeAmount` for the total of transparent funds.

Reviewer: This is not removed, only deprecated. Move it to the Deprecated section with the wording: "`AccountBalance::unshielded`. Instead use `unshielded_balance` which provides a `Balance` value. Its `total()` method can be used to obtain the total of transparent funds."

>   - `AccountBalance::unshielded`. `AccountBalance` no longer provides the `unshielded`
>     method returning a `NonNegativeAmount` for the total of transparent funds.
>     Instead use `unshielded_balance` which provides a `Balance` value.
>   - `zcash_client_backend::AccountBalance::add_unshielded_value`. Instead use
>     `AccountBalance::with_unshielded_balance_mut` with a closure that calls
>     the appropriate `add_*_value` method(s) of `Balance` on its argument.
>     Note that the appropriate method(s) depend on whether the funds are
>     spendable, pending change, or pending non-change (previously, only the
>     total unshielded value was tracked).

Reviewer: This is in the section for the wrong release. (Also, the `unshielded()` method is deprecated, not removed.)
```suggestion
```
